README.md, before:

# IssTracer

![Screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87802083/128603250-840f3427-61cb-498c-995d-ea9ce16684a4.png)

## ISS Tracer for Web and CURL
- TODOs: 
  -  CURL custom loader
  -  Fix map layout (pacific ocean missing in calculations)



___

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Generate Documentation 

Run `npx run typedoc` to generate the documentation. The documentation artifacts will be stored in the `doc/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.



> 12.2

Commit message:

update README to nest documentation

README.md, after:

# IssTracer

![Screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87802083/128603250-840f3427-61cb-498c-995d-ea9ce16684a4.png)

## ISS Tracer for Web and CURL
- TODOs: 
  -  Fix map layout (pacific ocean missing in calculations)



___

## Development server

Run `npm run start:dev` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:3000/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `nest n <name>` to generate a new component. You can also use `nest n <schematic> <name>` See [NestJS CLI Usage](https://docs.nestjs.com/cli/usages) for details.

## Build

Run `npm run build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Generate Documentation 

Run `npx run typedoc` to generate the documentation. The documentation artifacts will be stored in the `doc/` directory.

## Running lint analysis

Run `npm run lint` to execute the unit tests via [jest](https://eslint.org).

## Running unit tests

Run `npm run test` to execute the unit tests via [jest](https://jestjs.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `test:e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on nestJS have a look at the official documentation: [NestJS Docs](https://docs.nestjs.com)



> 8.0.0
